Buy Welcome back I'm a student so it's time for us to create a new Treville project ranch.
I want you to be very excited because we're going to be learning some really cool stuff on this course
stuff that is going to take you very far away in life.
And I want you to be very excited every time you join in a lecture.
Don't fall asleep if you fall asleep get get something to wake you up.
You know and they keep courting keep practicing keep getting better.
Know that you're doing this for your benefit for your family and always keep motivated when you're doing
this stuff.
I know it can get pretty boring when you don't know stuff in the beginning but once you know you're
going to create projects and you're going to be very excited.
So let's going open up a terminal and because we have set up our bash files right we can go ahead and
go to the HD docs for they just typing in the docs enter where they're now less typing a command to
create a new Largo project with composer.
So we're going to say composer create hyphen project the name of the vendor.
Of all package Lavell the name of the Father that we want and that we want to see a mass that's going
to be the name and that we can say preferred destroy if we wanted it to download the latest version
of preferred distribution.
We can do that.
I have a download 5.2 and they prefer this Review-Journal.
They're right.
They just do it without it.
Enter And now we are doing 5.2.
Keep in mind that if in the future for some reason and you know is going to happen if you are looking
at this course and there is another version of Lavoe don't worry about it learn this version and the
end of this course.
We always have different sections outlie outlining the changes in Claribel versions.
So if we create a really cool project on this course and you know it's up to version 9 or 10 or 20 Don't
worry about it.
I will actually let you guys know and let you know the differences and if it breaks our application
we'll fix it in that way we can learn a lot more than just you know taking a different course for it
.
All right.
So now we have this installed let's you just check it.
L s enter or awry.
So we got these CMOS their folder and we can go in C see the CMOS enter.
LS Right.
So now we can see or files in there.
Pretty cool.
All right.
So now should be available in the browser.
All we have to do is go to that specific folder and just type in localhost.
I see a mass for their name and then public will be where the that is.
Now you won't see anything here for some of you.
You will.
Now this tells me that for some reason Lavoe was not able to ride to our storage file but that's OK
.
And by the way I know that because of experience.
All right.
All right let's clear this enter what we're gonna be doing is let's come out of this.
See the dot dot and we're going to give us some permissions.
So S.H. mode change mode.
Hi fin R which is a recursive full plus W or right this.
So I want to give you some right information right permissions to see mass storage.
All right.
And then enter now if I go back to where we should be good let's say let's do it refresh.
Now we can see that our installation was successful.
All right.
Now these commands are this CMAG This is because of these commands in a Mac Macintosh right.
That's how we give some permissions doing this.
All right.
Perfit So now we have our project installed here.
Our next step would be to actually open it up in PSP storm.
So we're going to do the next lecture.
All right.
Perfect.
Thank you so much and I'll see you then.
Bye bye.